Add/substack to social logo (#38036)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/social-logos/README.md

Logos will also scale well to other sizes, like 18px (75% size), or 36px (150% size). Normally, using icon-sets outside of their pixelgrid is a surefire way to get fuzzy icons. This is also true in the case of this logo set, however unlike custom-designed icons, this is almost unavoidable in the case of logos. The problem is, every single logo is designed with its own dimensions. If we are to respect branding guidelines (which we should), no hinting or pixel-tuning is applied to any logo added to this set. Which means even at the base 24px size, logos could appear fuzzy and less than optimal. That is the way of the world, and a tradeoff between flexibility and respecting the original logo design on one hand, and pixel-perfect logos on the other hand.

So to summarize:

- **Do** use Social Logos at 48px, 36px, 24px, 18px, 12px. Prioritize 24px or above if you can.
- **Try to avoid** using Social logos at 16px, 17px, or any arbitrary pixel-size that's incompatible with the base 24px grid. For example, don't size the icon font in EMs.

## Adding a new logo.

Add the svg file to `src/svg` folder

> Run the build command `npm run build`

Reviewer: We don't use `npm` in the monorepo. Best thing is probably to do
```suggestion
Run the build command `jetpack build js-packages/social-logos`
```

Reviewer 2: 1e7455a8d7

Test out your changes.
1. Using the example file. (Open up the `jetpack/projects/js-packages/social-logos/build/svg-sprite/example.html` in your local browser)

> 2. Using Storybook, in your favourite terminal navigate to `jetpack/projects/js-packages\storybook` and run `pnpm run storybook:dev`

Reviewer: Don't assume the monorepo checkout is named "jetpack". Normally we give paths relative to the project or monorepo root rather than one-level-above-the-monorepo-root.
```suggestion
1. Using the example file. (Open up the `projects/js-packages/social-logos/build/svg-sprite/example.html` in your local browser)
2. Using Storybook, in your favourite terminal navigate to `projects/js-packages\storybook` and run `pnpm run storybook:dev`
```

Reviewer 2: I'll note that there's a backslash present in the path as well.

Reviewer 2: Added some tweaks in 1e7455a8d7.
